Title: Family Vacation to Boracay, Philippines

So a few years back my family visited Boracay for vacation. It was quite a memorable and fun experience.
When we arrived at the island i was quite dissapointed by the amount of tourists and people there. It is
a famous tourist destination but i really didn't expect the island to be so congested with people. Furthermore
the island itself has a few areas that have succumbed to rapid urbanization and ghettos that make it unappealing
to the eyes. What made it worse was the fact that i couldn't see the beach right away upon arrival. It looked
like just another Filipino town. My family went to Boracay on a budget so we did not book an expensive hotel.
But that aspect of the island was probably the most dissapointing.

However when we arrived to the beach itself, i deemed the entire trip worth it right away. The beach is an
amazing sight. The sands were yellow white soft that felt like silk through the skin. The waters were a calming
sea blue that made you immediately want to jump in during a hot sunny day. There were numerous times i just
simply lay on the beach seats chilling and taking everything in.That alone made the vacation worth it
but that wasn't all. The various tourist attractions around the island such as scuba diving, jet skiing,
kayaking, scooteer-ing and off-road biking were also a treat. Though we unfortunately couldn't try them all.
There are also a ton of eating destinations, massage parlors, and souvenir shops one could simply get lost
in the shopping area for it.

Another great tourist must-do is the Boracay night life that hosts everything from clubs and bars that host
bar-hopping where you can party the entire night away as well as have the chance to meet some new, unique and
amazing people. A particular event i got myself into was the Boracay Pub Crawl where we spent the entire night
drinking, dancing, bar-hopping and socializing with many different people.

Overall the trip was a great experience. Although, the island could get very congested at times, it was still a great
experience because of the amount of awesome people you have the chance to encounter. It is definitely one of the
must-go-to tourist destinations in the Philippines. If you have top-dollar/peso you can even go to the more secluded
elitist areas/hotels just for your family or friends. Boracay should be in your bucket list and ticked off when you
get the chance.